Basic documentation of this project.
It includes a TODO list and things to figure out.

So the primary objective is to create a game:

games have 3 basic functions:

Init(): to initialize all objects,

then is the loop:

first update()
second render()

- update is functionality, so collision, movement, shooting, input, ...
- render is drawing every objct (with updated positions/values) on canvas

///////////////

Our project is in SITE. site will include, main, index, render and shader everything else we will try to sort in files to avoid chaos.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

we will start at render (+ init).
the examples show how to draw a GLTF map but not for specific object.
I have to figure out how to draw specific objects with GLTF and include physics on them.

there is another way to include phisycs but those nodes i think you have to create manualy and cannot be imported from blender.

after this is all set wi will know how to build the whole map, we will have first person,
and collision physics. whats left is some bullet system, very simple AI (for spawn moastly).

those scene.js files are very similar to GLTF so i think its posible to apply phisics on them in a way 
that we first export our object and then give them some modifications withh AABB, ...


GLTF:

torej ce dodas se custom properties dobis tud min max ampak ne vem kako jih povezes na posamezen node

mogoc smo narobe tole gledal.
razlika zakaj ne dela je ker mamo 17 exmaple node pa camero, gltf ma pa node in eden izmed njih ma se posebno spemeenljivko za kamero in tista camera pol ne more preminjat lastnosti svojga starsa.
tak da resitev bomo naredil tako kot je ze premikanje resen. 
clasu za first person bomo dal zanko za vse objekte in ce obstaja collision je acceleration = 0 oz pogledamo ce bi se posodobljena matrika sekala z objektom.

za ostale node pa bo verjetn poseben Physics class narjen.

pri fiziki so nodi drgac sestavljeni tuki je pa gltf i ne mores kr tko rec kaj je normalTexCoordzato bom node sestavu tko da je node z temi translacijami ipd. 
pol ma pa se en object parameter kjer ma se dodatne stvari notr k jih za node rabs kokr so camera al pa speed all pa collision borders.